[[Back]](../README.md)

# A2 - JavaScript Basics

Examine the code and comments in `basics-demo.js` and run the file. Make sure you understand how it all works.

Write a program in `basics-task.js` that uses the same concepts as in the demo. Specifically, it should include the following:
- Set a variable to a **string** (you can choose to use either single or double quotes).
- Set a variable to a **number**, or to the result of an arithmetic expression (ie, an experession that evaluates to a number).
- Set a variable to a **Boolean** value, or to the result of a Boolean expression.
- Arithmetic expression(s) that contain brackets, and the `+`, `-`, `*`, and `/` operators. They should demonstrated BEDMAS behaviour.
- Arithmetic expressions(s) that use at least one function of the [Math object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Math)
- String **concatentation** using the `+` operator
- At least one **template string** containing at least one variable and/or expression.
- At least three increment/decrement operators, such as: `++`, `--`, `+=` or `-=`

---------------

## Submission
Add a commit to your repository with the message: `Completed A2`.

## Evaluation
**JS Fundamentals - Logical Reasoning**
- *Meets Expecations* - All requirements above included
- *Exceeds Expectations* - Concepts are largely included in different contexts than in the demo file

**Programming Concepts - Thoroughness**
- *Meets Expectations* - All requirements above included
- *Exceeds Expectations* - The amount of practice with these concepts significantly exeeds the minimum requirements

[[Back]](../README.md)