[[Back]](../README.md)

# A3 - JavaScript Functions

Examine the code and comments in `functions-demo.js` and run the file. Make sure you understand how it all works.

Write a program in `functions-task.js` that uses the same concepts as in the demo. Specifically, it should include:
- At least two functions that do **not** return values. At least one of your functions should accept parameter(s). You should include `console.log` statements inside these functions to demonstrate they're working. 
- At least two functions that **do** return values. They should both accept parameter(s). These functions should **not** contain `console.log` statements; they should simply process the provided parameters and return an answer.
- At least one call to each of your functions. For functions that return values, make sure you call them either within an expression or `console.log` statement so that their return values get used.
- At least one of your functions should call a different one of your functions *(for example, in my demo `getSnowmanArea` calls `getCircleArea`)*

---------------

## Submission
Add a commit to your repository with the message: `Completed A3`.

## Evaluation
**JS Fundamentals - Logical Reasoning**
- *Meets Expecations* - All requirements above included
- *Exceeds Expectations* - Concepts are largely included in different contexts than in the demo file

**Programming Concepts - Thoroughness**
- *Meets Expectations* - All requirements above included
- *Exceeds Expectations* - The amount of practice with these concepts significantly exeeds the minimum requirements

[[Back]](../README.md)